During the campaign, there was indeed a lot of sexism,
they believed that a woman couldn't handle power,
that she couldn't be a councilwoman,
that maybe it was too much for her to be there.
Even on the candidate list, there were very few women,
so, perhaps they saw little possibility
for a woman to become a councilor.
And at that time, I didn't have a current partner,
so one had to demand respect
and establish boundaries
to prevent others from overstepping me.
That was like the most difficult part,
but everything else was fine.
It's like a personal triumph to say
"I'm breaking free from that sexism, I won't take it anymore,"
And change the way people think:
To think that something is impossible.
In my personal life, I did experience some setbacks
where "I felt I couldn't go on anymore"
and being a single mother,
I had to fight and support my children.
So that was a... it gave me strength to say:
just because I'm a woman doesn't mean I can't do it.
Those things drive you, to grow as a person, as a woman,
and to set an example for other
women who may feel they can't.
one becomes an example that you can do it,
if you want and work hard at it,
things can be accomplished.